Release prep for 0.2.1 (#14)
paritytech/scale-value: CHANGELOG.md

[Keep a Changelog]: http://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/

## 0.2.1

### Fixed

> - Fix compile error on 32bit architectures owing to BitVec not supporting a store type of u64 on them. Also fix an internal naming mixup w.r.t bitvec types. ((#12)[https://github.com/paritytech/scale-value/pull/12])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix compile error on 32-bit architectures owing to BitVec not supporting a store type of u64 on them. Also fix an internal naming mixup w.r.t bitvec types. ((#12)[https://github.com/paritytech/scale-value/pull/12])
```
